Truths are two truths. Then I added one more as in the Nyingma teaching, always said, so it's true.
Of course, the classification of the two truths is the truth of the appearance and emptiness.
And then the truth of the way things are appearing, way things are appearing, or that means
way a relative truth is appearing. That also divided into two truths. And the appearance
of the duality mind is relative truth. Appearance of the, like beyond the duality mind or the
personal mind, that is the absolute truth, the simple way to tell that. So this is two truths.
But again, we go back to the two truths itself, and that is now. And within that, again, this
classification of the two truths of the emptiness, appearance, also where things are in the world,
divided also to other more subdivisions of the relative truth in the two categories,
and absolute in the two categories. And that is generally, this relative truth in the two
categories is where we think, see. There is something that we see, commonly everybody see,
and something that we see when we are defected our organs, organs or hallucinated our also mental,
we see things. So this is what called the six senses. That means six senses or six organs,
six senses, six organs, when it's diluted, we see things, but that is not seen by commonly
everybody, everyone's, everyone's. So that is that, that object, that object and that subject both
are
as false relative truth or wrong relative truth, wrong incorrect relative truth. And we use those
examples, which is also a true truth. And then these two truths, again, these
classifications of the absolute truth, divided into two. This is particularly this way, is
particularly techniques of the, sorry, Swatantar Madhima schools, Swatantar Madhima schools. This
is
technique, is Swatantar Madhima schools. And what the difference between Swatantar Madhima school
and the Prasadu Madhima schools? What is it? You remember what I said, or you, I read in the book?
Yeah, one is, is the Swatantarita is, is they negate everything? What? They negate everything,
that they don't have a specific view that is direct.
The Prasadu Madhima school. Oh dear. They have more, one is, one is gradual and one is direct.
Right. That's true. That's true. Okay. Laura, you have some.
Prasadu Madhima school will accept whatever is said by other people on the relative level.
But when it comes to the absolute, they'll refute what is said in the Garjuna quotes, you know, I,
I don't have a particular view, so therefore there's nothing to argue with. And then in,
in the Swatantar, Swatantar Madhima school, it's more gradual. They use, they use, they talk about
relative truth in a way that points to absolute truth. They use countable and incountable absolute
truth as a way to. That's, that's true. That's exactly. And so this is again, and
what the distinction between, again, these two great schools, this is that it's not something that
has on the, on the, on the reality or the absolute truth is not something that has two different
things, but we individuals are having realizations, how they can relate to that. And that is then
Prasadu Madhima school immediately goes to the absolute truth, which is free from all those
extremes immediately to that state, pointing out that immediately, that that's it. That's it.
Beyond everything. And then anything position takes by others. They refer to that on the,
this is absolute level. Again, it's not on the relative level, they refer to that. On the
absolute level, they refer to that. And that is as yesterday we went. Prasadu, for example,
for let's say how the birth is taken. Birth. That means how seeds developing the result,
or the effect, how seed develop. Seed is the cause and an effort is resolved, or the seeds
develop. What's called this sprout is resolved. Resolved, how that developed. On the absolute
level, they said, there is no birth. No birth. Immediately, they refer to that. Then even,
even not seeing the absolute level, there is no birth. Says there's no birth. And that is what we
joined in a, in a Heart Supper, the end of the Heart Supper. Nagarjuna's quotation, as I read
yesterday or the before. What he says, "You gracious teacher Buddha, taught there is unceasing,
unborn. Immediately he went to the absolute level. Nothing mentioned about any division of the
relative, absolute, anything. Unborn, unceasing, and so forth. One after another. Immediately
he went there." But this is the apparatus of the Prasadu Madam School's, the Apparasadu Madam
School.
And the Swadu Madam School used that, used that as a stepping stone, stepping stone. And you see,
in absolute level, there is no birth. Used bring up the absolute, there is no birth. That indicated
on the relative level, we have the birth. That they're accepting that. Relative level. And Prasadu
Madam School never mentioned anything. Immediately jumping, going to the right to the target.
Target to the natural. No birth. There is no birth. Yesterday we discussed a little bit, really,
birth. When we said birth, birth, of course, when we thought investigating, analyzing,
it's fine. As great Master Chantalakte said, it's very comfortable. I think there's really,
we have to say, it's appealing, nothing. All comfortable, appealing, it's just, it's just
peaceful. There's nothing. There's no reputation or the debate of arguments at all needed. That's,
it's fine. But when we'll start looking, how birth is taking, how producing the seed,
producing the result, when we're looking, when we ask that questions, then there's only four ways
to take the birth. Birth, we put that. Self, other, both, neither. There's no any other.
Others. So we have to bring up some thoughts. Oh, it's coming from self. Oh, it's coming from
others.
Oh, it's coming from the self and others. Oh, it's coming from nothing. It's just coming.
Have to use that. And each of those use and then it's not correct. Correct. It's not natural.
Naturally, there is contradicting cause. It's not, it's, those are the Mademos school,
those who have brought, that is, of course, we also, it's not just, yeah, Mademos, not just only
brassica, Mademos school, but also Swatan, Mademos school. We just come to the absolute level.
They use this logic too. How this coming? Coming. If it's coming from the self, then we say, yes,
try it. I'm teaching say, teaching say that there is only two ways, two things have come from self.
Then there is what the purpose of self is already there. I mean, what the benefit is already there.
Self is, means the individual, self is self. There's no change. Self is no change.
So that's not, not false. The second, the second is self. That means it's independent.
There's no need in the assistant, others. Then going to come so many, endless. Why is it stopping?
For example, when cause develop the result, there's not endless. It's just one spot
comes. But every self, then, it's just there's no need in a self-concented condition.
Others, of course, they, it's continuing to come. And let's come.
So those are the repetition they used. And then others too, say only. Other means others.
Different. Then there can be anything other can be. There's a food in there. If others come, then
again, everything can have to be wiped out. Sporters have to follow with the cause.
Since there's other, other can be anything. They use examples of, from the fire could come, water.
And from the light could come, darkness. And what is other? Light is different than the darkness,
darkness is different from others. And the sense is coming from the others, then can be any of
those.
And then for both, it's both repetitions, repetition force. And from nothing, then again,
again the same thing. If it's coming from nothing, that means why? Then everything
not going to come as a flower of skies. Never going to see anything. If it's not coming from
any cause and condition, it's like skies. Or maybe there's always that. Since there's nothing,
need anything, then all the time. So those are when you use logic, when you use reason,
when you use intelligence, can I just, if we look exactly what it is, then it comes like that.
But then what is, mademos or the reality? Then that is what integrates it. It magically comes.
This is called, it's all entered by the co-ordination. It's just illusion level. It's
all arising, magical comes. Magically arising, medically transcendent. It's all relative truth.
Truth is all magical. Medically arising. And I think if we start looking to the, to the point,
to the source itself, is there's nothing substantial existing. That is known as the emptiness.
Where appearing things come is co-operation. Not just by one or the same, this and that.
It's co-operation of many things. Arising this is, that's called tint and revolution in
the buddha cicis, in the Tibetan. It means as magically magical. The way coming is magic,
way to co-operate. Everything is magic. To grow one's sprout. It's not just sit alone, develop that
.
It has so many conditions of invoke. To bring up that sprout, what we see small green, green and
big in the dark. That is so many conditions that we don't intersect at all. So many, all co-
operated.
And all are interlinked, interlinked. And all are also harmonized in a way. They join together,
together. In each of those are also magic. There's no substantial solid resistance.
It's all. That is how it is. So therefore, Prasad Gomadema goes immediately to there
without using any kind of like conduct, or in absolute level there is no birth. They're not using
anything there. And Prasad Gomadema's school then use. In absolute level, there's no birth.
Or no birth. Such use. That. And again, Prasad Gomadema's school is going beyond everything.
That means the existing, non-existing, either and neither, cause anything. And Prasad Gomadema's
school using, as I said, step and step, there's no birth. So in absolute, you can catch something
in our mind. Mind to hope, or there's no birth. And then you investigate and analyze. Analyze,
and it's true. True. And then you kind of hold that. That is what it's called. To hold in that
things. That, that will in the mind. That's called countable absolute truth. Countable absolute
truth.
Then, when you got that realization, Swatana Gomadema's school, even that no birth thought
is not existing. No birth thought is not true. That is grasping, clinging, and beyond. Then,
lead to them. Then, exactly as Prasad Gomadema. Beyond every aspect. That is known as
incountable absolute truth. That is the absolute truth. And so, therefore, there's
two truths. In Prasad Gomadema's school, countable absolute truth, incountable absolute truth. That
's
what they do. And then, in Prasad Gomadema's school, it is incountable absolute truth,
immediate truth. That happens. So, that is like, again, really, I think, you catch something?